docs: mention building for some HOSTs only in `release-process.md` (#6393)
dashpay/dash: doc/release-process.md

- [Building](/contrib/guix/README.md#building)
- [Attesting to build outputs](/contrib/guix/README.md#attesting-to-build-outputs)

> _Note: we build releases for some supported HOSTs only so either provide correct `HOSTS` variable or run `./contrib/containers/guix/scripts/guix-start` instead of `./contrib/guix/guix-build` when building binaries_

Reviewer: How about something like?
```suggestion
_Note: we ship releases for only some supported HOSTs so consider providing limited `HOSTS` variable or run `./contrib/containers/guix/scripts/guix-start` instead of `./contrib/guix/guix-build` when building binaries for quicker builds that exclude the supported but not shipped HOSTs_
```

> _Note: we ship releases for only some supported HOSTs so consider providing limited `HOSTS` variable or run `./contrib/containers/guix/scripts/guix-start` instead of `./contrib/guix/guix-build` when building binaries for quicker builds that exclude the supported but not shipped HOSTs_

Reviewer 2: maybe expand a bit?

-for quicker builds
+for quicker builds and less size of artefacts saved on github

?
